# z80 & TIBASIC
An archive of z80 assembly projects I did on my ti83+ calculator. Most projects were lost due to transferring computers, but here are a few. To use these programs simply go to https://clrhome.org/asm/ and compile them into 8xp files. From there you can transfer the file to your ti83+ calculator using the TI connect application. *RUN AT YOUR OWN RISK*
assembly is very risky to run on an actual device if not tested thoroughly, if you use cemetech you can use a virtual version of your ti83+ calculator and run these programs there to risk any corruption.
AND CORRUPTION IS REAL!! I have bricked one of my calculators entirely after running bad code on it. These programs on here should be alright but have not been fully tested so again, run at your own risk if you choose to do so.

As for TIBASIC, feel free to run them! No corruption will occur, and that's a guarantee.
Note: Most of my programs were lost after corruption so what you see here is a very small fraction of the programs I developed over the course of 4 years (2020-2024).

I had developed an entire suite of games under the name of TICasino and resort- it included blackjack, slot machines, keno, and plans for poker and bingo. And then the batteries failed. I would've loved to share those programs and I am still saddend to this day of their corruption and disapearance from my life. The slotMachine program was the final program I made on the TI83+ in TIBASIC and it stands as my magnum opus in all of my programming- despite it's unprofessional nature. It is- when examining the code- (which you have to download and analyze via a TI83+) an incredible work of low level engineering and effiency, in fact, the development of TIBASIC code is what had led me to my journies in z80 assembly as a way of seeking faster processing power and greater possibilities not seen in TIBASIC. 
